n.
最后部分final part
1.	（时间、事件、活动或故事的）终止，终结，结局，结尾the final part of a period of time, an event, an activity or a story

at the end of the week在周末
We didn't leave until the very end .我们直到最后才离开。
the end of the book书的末尾
We had to hear about the whole journey from beginning to end .我们只好从头到尾把整个旅行情况听完。
It's the end of an era.这是一个时代的终结。

末端furthest part
2.	末端；尽头；末梢the part of an object or a place that is the furthest away from its centre

Turn right at the end of the road.在路的尽头向右转。
I joined the end of the queue.我站在了这队伍的最后。
Go to the end of the line!到这条队的最后去！
You've got something on the end of your nose.你的鼻尖上有点东西。
Tie the ends of the string together.把绳子两端系在一起。
That's his wife sitting at the far end of the table.坐在桌子远端的那位就是他妻子。
These two products are from opposite ends of the price range.这两种产品一种是价格最高的，一种是价格最低的。
We've travelled from one end of Mexico to the other.我们从墨西哥的一端旅行到了另一端。
They live in the end house.他们住在最后的那座房子里。

结束finish
3.	结束；破灭a situation in which sth does not exist any more

the end of all his dreams他所有梦想的破灭
The meeting came to an end(= finished) .会议结束了。
The war was finally at an end .战争终于结束了。
The coup brought his corrupt regime to an end .政变结束了他的腐败统治。
There's no end in sight to the present crisis.目前的危机无望结束。
They have called for an end to violence.他们呼吁停止暴力。
That was by no means the end of the matter.事情绝不可能到此为止。

目的aim
4.	目的；目标an aim or a purpose

They are prepared to use violence in pursuit of their ends.他们准备使用暴力来达到目的。
She is exploiting the current situation for her own ends.她在利用目前的形势来达到自己的目的。
With this end in view(= in order to achieve this) they employed 50 new staff.为了达到这个目标他们雇用了 50 名新职员。
We are willing to make any concessions necessary to this end(= in order to achieve this) .为达到此目的我们愿作出任何必要的让步。

部分活动part of activity
5.	[ususing]（尤指经营活动的）部分，方面a part of an activity with which sb is concerned, especially in business

We need somebody to handle the marketing end of the business.我们需要有人来处理业务的推广。
Are there any problems at your end?你那边有什么问题吗？
I have kept my end of the bargain.我已履行了我的协议条件。

电话线；旅程of telephone line/journey
6.	[ususing]端点；终点either of two places connected by a telephone call, journey, etc.

I answered the phone but there was no one at the other end .我接了电话，但线路的另一端没有人。
Jean is going to meet me at the other end .琼打算在那边终点站接我。

运动场of sports field
7.	半边球场one of the two halves of a sports field

The teams changed ends at half-time.上半场结束时双方交换了场地。

剩余物piece left
8.	剩余物；残余；残片a small piece that is left after sth has been used

a cigarette end烟蒂

死亡death
9.	[ususing]辞世，过世（婉辞，与 death 同义）a person's death. People sayend to avoid sayingdeath .

She came to an untimely end(= died young) .她英年早逝。
I was with him at the end(= when he died) .他临终时我在他身边。
He met his end(= died) at the Battle of Waterloo.他在滑铁卢战役中阵亡。

At the end of the day, he'll still have to make his own decision.最终，他还得自己拿主意。

At the end of the day, he'll still have to make his own decision.最终，他还得自己拿主意。

He'll come to a sticky end one of these days if he carries on like that.如果他继续那样下去，总有一天会落得个可悲的下场。

He'll come to a sticky end one of these days if he carries on like that.如果他继续那样下去，总有一天会落得个可悲的下场。

I'm at the end of my patience.我已忍无可忍。
They are at the end of their food supply.他们的食物储备行将消耗殆尽。

I'm at the end of my patience.我已忍无可忍。
They are at the end of their food supply.他们的食物储备行将消耗殆尽。

A defeat in the second round marked the end of the line for last year's champion.第二局的失利表明去年的冠军得主已卫冕无望。

A defeat in the second round marked the end of the line for last year's champion.第二局的失利表明去年的冠军得主已卫冕无望。

They arranged the tables end to end.他们将桌子连接起来排成一行。

They arranged the tables end to end.他们将桌子连接起来排成一行。

I'd go to the ends of the earth to see her again.哪怕走遍天涯海角我也要再见她一面。

I'd go to the ends of the earth to see her again.哪怕走遍天涯海角我也要再见她一面。

He tried various jobs and in the end became an accountant.他尝试过各种各样的工作，最后当上了会计。

You can try your best to impress the interviewers but in the end it's often just a question of luck.你可以尽最大的努力给主持面试的人留下深刻的印象，不过最终常常要看运气。

He tried various jobs and in the end became an accountant.他尝试过各种各样的工作，最后当上了会计。

You can try your best to impress the interviewers but in the end it's often just a question of luck.你可以尽最大的努力给主持面试的人留下深刻的印象，不过最终常常要看运气。

Many families struggle to make ends meet.许多家庭只能勉强维持生计。

Many families struggle to make ends meet.许多家庭只能勉强维持生计。

It upset me no end to hear they'd split up.听说他们已离婚，我感到非常不安。

It upset me no end to hear they'd split up.听说他们已离婚，我感到非常不安。

We had no end of trouble getting them to agree.我们费了九牛二虎之力才使他们同意。

We had no end of trouble getting them to agree.我们费了九牛二虎之力才使他们同意。

Failing one exam is not the end of the world.一次考试不及格并非世界末日。

Failing one exam is not the end of the world.一次考试不及格并非世界末日。

It'll fit if you stand it on end.如果把它竖着就放得进去了。

He would disappear for weeks on end .他常常是连续几周不见人影。

It'll fit if you stand it on end.如果把它竖着就放得进去了。

He would disappear for weeks on end .他常常是连续几周不见人影。

v.
1.	[i][t]结束；终止to finish; to make sth finish

The road ends here.这条路到此为止。
How does the story end?这个故事结局如何？
The speaker ended by suggesting some topics for discussion.演讲者最后给出了几个讨论话题。
Her note ended with the words: ‘See you soon.’她的便条以“再见”结束。
They decided to end their relationship.他们决定断绝关系。
They ended the play with a song.他们以一首歌曲结束了这出戏。
‘And that was that,’ she ended.“就这样了。”她最后说。

The movie has a car chase to end all car chases.这部影片的汽车追逐场面非常刺激。

The movie has a car chase to end all car chases.这部影片的汽车追逐场面非常刺激。

He ended his days in poverty.他在贫穷中度过余生。

He ended his days in poverty.他在贫穷中度过余生。

